add limitations to datastore docs (#28753)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/datastore/_index.md

To delete a datastore, click the **Trash (Delete Datastore)** icon in the header of the datastore you want to delete, then click **Confirm** to verify.

## Limitations

Datastore has the following limitations:

> - A datastore can contain up to 5,000 rows.
> - Each datastore must have a primary key column of type string, which uniquely identifies each row.
> - Each row can be up to 100 KB in size.
> - The primary key value cannot be modified after the row is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A datastore can contain up to 5,000 rows.
- A primary key column of type `string` is required and must uniquely identify each row.
- Each row can be up to 100 KB in size.
- The primary key value is immutable, it cannot be changed after the row is created.
```
